# Bloomreach SDK

The Bloomreach Discovery SDK provides a thin API layer for the Bloomreach Discovery APIs, as well as a UI package that renders the .json return of the APIs

### API Client

Simple and relatable APIs mean that designers and developers are free choose a front end and user experience that meets their needs.

The APIs are broken up into individual functions & calls to ensure that each API does one thing, and does it well.

Provides a thin API layer for the Bloomreach APIs

* Autosuggest
* Product Search
* Category
* Pathways & Recommendations APIs.

### UI Package

This UI package is an enhancement that renders the return of these APIs directly to the page. If you want to use the Bloomreach Discovery SDK with vanilla JS, we recommend looking at this as a starting point.

If, however, you want to use it with other libraries/frameworks, for example, React, Vue, Angular, etc., that have specific ways to render the UI, we recommend using the Discovery SDK directly.

<p> </p>

### Commerce Connectors

Bloomreach, along with some of our technical partners have worked to create a number of connectors and integrations to the following commerce platforms based off of the Discovery SDK.


### Bloomreach Experience Manager UI

**NOTE**  This solution requires the use of the Bloomreach Experience Manager WCMS platform"

A robust set of features & resources that can be leveraged to reduce development time and maximize efficiency.

Utilizes templates and components to render .json data returned from the API client which is rendered using the **[Bloomreach Experience Manager](https://www.bloomreach.com/en/products/experience)**.

